Interpretation of multiple line regression results. 

Has a very small p-value (almost negligible) showing that the analysis is significant and an r^2 value of around point 0.7 

Q. Which variables/coefficients provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset?

A. The result shows that vehicle.length and ground.clearance (including the intercept) provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset. 

Q. Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? Why or why not?

A. No, it is not. In a multiple linear regression, each case each variable has a slope compared to the dependent variable. 

Q. Does this linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not?

A. The residuals show that they are around 0 but they do reach a pretty high value on either side showing that some points might be far from the fit. Also, the f statistic is not very high (it is only 22) which adds to the fact that this might not be the most effective and accurate predications of mpg and changes could be made. 

Interpretation of susp coil stats

Median: 1500
Mean: 1500
Standard dev: 8.731242
Variance: 76.23459

Q. The design specifications for the MechaCar suspension coils dictate that the variance of the suspension coils must not exceed 100 pounds per inch. Does the current manufacturing data meet this design specification? Why or why not?

A. Yes, the variance does not exceed 100 pounds per inch and meets the design specification. A smaller variance indicates that all of them are more alike and a larger variance indicates that they are not. Since the variance is rather, it goes to show that there is not much change in them and falls under the instructed 100 pounds per inch specification as it should be. 

Q. provide a small writeup of your interpretation and findings for the t-test results. 

A. The true mean is not equal to 1500 but is very close to it (1499.531) and in fact lies within the range of values when we are 95% confident. The p-value= 0.5117 because of how close the value is and due to which we cannot reject the null hypothesis that they are equal. 

Q. a statistical study that can quantify how the MechaCar outperforms the competition. In your study design, be sure to write about the following considerations:
Think critically about what metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.).
Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test this hypothesis.
Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected?

A. A car has multiple reasons and factors to outperform its competition due to which we might have to analyze each of it separately. The data needed for tis test would basically be any factor of a car that influences how it performs in the market. Some of these might include: Cost, Fuel, Color variations, efficiency, space (number of people it can seat) and so on. And of course, we would have to get this data for different cars (MechaCar and its competitions). We can produce graphs for each factor to analyze how MechaCar performs in comparison to its competitions. An example would be taking the null hypothesis that: Mecha Car does not have a best price than its competitions.  So, when MechaCar has a p-value less than 0.5 we can show that the alternate hypothesis is true(Alternate hypothesis: MechaCar does have a price better than its competition). A two-sample t-test can be used for this. Graphs can also be made to compare MechaCar and its competition for a more compelling argument. (graphs such as bar and line graph might be useful). The graphs can be made with means of the factors but also summary can be used to provide detail statistics. 
